notes/0.6.6.markdown, before:

## bug fixes and minor enhancements
- Fixes generated default scope by adding back the default namespace. [#91][#91] reported by [@martiell][@martiell]
- mvn-scalaxb was updated by [@martiell][@martiell]
- Fixes `toXML` handling of `xs:anyAttribute`. [#95][#95] reported by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Fixes generated `defaultScope` when the schema is `unqualified`. [#97][#97] reported by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Fixes `xs:any` repeating namespace bindings by merging them. [#98][#98] reported by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Fixes handling of `xs:any` with `namespace="##local"`. [#101][#101] reported by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Adds `--lax-any` to ignore `xs:any`'s namespace constraint. [#103][#103] requested by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Adds `--version` to display help message. [#106][#106] requested by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Adds handling of `xs:include` without `targetNamespace`. [#102][#102] reported by [@berntan][@berntan]
- Adds handling of soap messages with attributes. [#99][#99] reported by [@berntan][@berntan]
- Adds handling of soap messages with soap headers. [#100][#100] reported by [@berntan][@berntan]
- sbt-scalaxb and mvn-scalaxb processes wsdl first.
- Fixes handling of wsdl with empty messages. [#93][#93] reported by [@mbroue][@mbroue]
- Fixes handling of rpc-style return message on soap 1.1. [#94][#94] reported by [@dkhenry][@dkhenry]

  [#91]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/91
  [#93]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/93
  [#94]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/94
  [#95]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/95
  [#96]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/96
  [#97]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/97
  [#98]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/98
  [#99]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/99
  [#100]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/100
  [#101]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/101
  [#102]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/102
  [#103]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/103
  [#106]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/106
  [@martiell]: https://github.com/martiell
  [@mbroue]: https://github.com/mbroue
  [@deanhiller]: https://github.com/deanhiller
  [@dkhenry]: https://github.com/dkhenry
  [@berntan]: https://github.com/berntan

Commit message:

adds --attribute-prefix. fixes #92
adds prefix to parameters mapping to an attribute.
a schema can legally name a local element and
an attribute the same within a complex type.
because of derivation, attributes needs to be
consistently named.

notes/0.6.6.markdown, after:

## bug fixes and minor enhancements
- Fixes generated default scope by adding back the default namespace. [#91][#91] reported by [@martiell][@martiell]
- mvn-scalaxb was updated by [@martiell][@martiell]
- Fixes `toXML` handling of `xs:anyAttribute`. [#95][#95] reported by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Fixes generated `defaultScope` when the schema is `unqualified`. [#97][#97] reported by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Fixes `xs:any` repeating namespace bindings by merging them. [#98][#98] reported by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Fixes handling of `xs:any` with `namespace="##local"`. [#101][#101] reported by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Adds `--lax-any` to ignore `xs:any`'s namespace constraint. [#103][#103] requested by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Adds `--version` to display help message. [#106][#106] requested by [@deanhiller][@deanhiller]
- Adds `--attribute-prefix` to prefix parameters mapping an attribute. [#92][#92] reported by ido
- Adds handling of `xs:include` without `targetNamespace`. [#102][#102] reported by [@berntan][@berntan]
- Adds handling of soap messages with attributes. [#99][#99] reported by [@berntan][@berntan]
- Adds handling of soap messages with soap headers. [#100][#100] reported by [@berntan][@berntan]
- sbt-scalaxb and mvn-scalaxb processes wsdl first.
- Fixes handling of wsdl with empty messages. [#93][#93] reported by [@mbroue][@mbroue]
- Fixes handling of rpc-style return message on soap 1.1. [#94][#94] reported by [@dkhenry][@dkhenry]

  [#91]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/91
  [#92]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/92
  [#93]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/93
  [#94]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/94
  [#95]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/95
  [#96]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/96
  [#97]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/97
  [#98]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/98
  [#99]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/99
  [#100]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/100
  [#101]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/101
  [#102]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/102
  [#103]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/103
  [#106]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/106
  [@martiell]: https://github.com/martiell
  [@mbroue]: https://github.com/mbroue
  [@deanhiller]: https://github.com/deanhiller
  [@dkhenry]: https://github.com/dkhenry
  [@berntan]: https://github.com/berntan
