notes/1.0.2.markdown, before:

## bug fixes

- Fixes handling of large groups. [#188][188] reported by [@workingDog][@workingDog]
- Fixes handling of `xs:any` with namespace constraints. [#189][189]
- Removes upper limit on duplicate name resolution. [#190][190]
- Fixes handling of enum values that are symbols. [#191][191]
- Fixes `xs:group` references naming conflict. [#192][192]
- Fixes handling of `xs:choice` that's made up of a foreign type. [#193][193]
- Fixes handling of split `xs:sequence` whose only item is nillable and unbounded. [#194][194]
- Fixes handling of `xs:choice` that includes a substitution group. [#195][195]
- Fixes handling of complex types containing foreign `xs:sequence`. [#196][196]
- Fixes handling of `xs:group` or a mixed complex type that includes an optional substitution group. [#197][197]
- Fixes handling of complex types that directly or indirectly derives from `xs:anySimpleType`. [#200][200]/[#203][203] reported by [@sagarcjoshi][@sagarcjoshi]

  [188]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/188
  [189]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/189
  [190]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/190
  [191]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/191
  [192]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/192
  [193]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/193
  [194]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/194
  [195]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/195
  [196]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/196
  [197]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/197
  [200]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/200
  [203]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/203
  [@workingDog]: https://github.com/workingDog
  [@sagarcjoshi]: https://github.com/sagarcjoshi

Commit message:

ignore mixed for simple content complex types. fixes #205

notes/1.0.2.markdown, after:

## bug fixes

- Fixes handling of large groups. [#188][188] reported by [@workingDog][@workingDog]
- Fixes handling of `xs:any` with namespace constraints. [#189][189]
- Removes upper limit on duplicate name resolution. [#190][190]
- Fixes handling of enum values that are symbols. [#191][191]
- Fixes `xs:group` references naming conflict. [#192][192]
- Fixes handling of `xs:choice` that's made up of a foreign type. [#193][193]
- Fixes handling of split `xs:sequence` whose only item is nillable and unbounded. [#194][194]
- Fixes handling of `xs:choice` that includes a substitution group. [#195][195]
- Fixes handling of complex types containing foreign `xs:sequence`. [#196][196]
- Fixes handling of `xs:group` or a mixed complex type that includes an optional substitution group. [#197][197]
- Fixes handling of complex types that directly or indirectly derives from `xs:anySimpleType`. [#200][200]/[#203][203] reported by [@sagarcjoshi][@sagarcjoshi]
- Fixes handling of mixed complex type that extends simple type. [#205][205]

  [188]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/188
  [189]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/189
  [190]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/190
  [191]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/191
  [192]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/192
  [193]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/193
  [194]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/194
  [195]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/195
  [196]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/196
  [197]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/197
  [200]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/200
  [203]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/203
  [205]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/205
  [@workingDog]: https://github.com/workingDog
  [@sagarcjoshi]: https://github.com/sagarcjoshi
