notes/1.0.0-RC1.markdown, before:

This is a release candidate for the first stable release of scalaxb.

## breaking changes since 0.7

Some changes were made to adapt to Scala 2.10.0-RC1.

- To avoid implicit conflict, the `scalaxb` package object no longer extends `XMLStandardTypes`.
- `scalaxb.XMLStandardTypes` object was added to support explicitly importing implicits.
- `HexBinary` class and `Base64Binary` class's `toIndexedSeq` method is now a field named `vector`.
- The default http client for SOAP binding is upgraded to [Dispatch 0.9.2](http://dispatch.databinder.net/).

## bug fixes and minor enhancements

- Fixes typo in element form check ("qualified") [#168][168]. Fixed by [@mprihoda][@mprihoda]
- More lenient handling of base64Binary encoding. [#173][173]. Requested by [@nmccready][@nmccready]
- Fixes attribute merging across namespace. [#174][174] reporetd by [@sbrownyarris][@sbrownyarris]

  [168]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/168
  [173]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/173
  [@mprihoda]: https://github.com/mprihoda
  [@nmccready]: https://github.com/nmccready
  [@sbrownyarris]: https://github.com/sbrownyarris

Commit message:

fixes handling of chameleon schemas. fixes #176

notes/1.0.0-RC1.markdown, after:

This is a release candidate for the first stable release of scalaxb.

## breaking changes since 0.7

Some changes were made to adapt to Scala 2.10.0-RC1.

- To avoid implicit conflict, the `scalaxb` package object no longer extends `XMLStandardTypes`.
- `scalaxb.XMLStandardTypes` object was added to support explicitly importing implicits.
- `HexBinary` class and `Base64Binary` class's `toIndexedSeq` method is now a field named `vector`.
- The default http client for SOAP binding is upgraded to [Dispatch 0.9.2](http://dispatch.databinder.net/).

## bug fixes and minor enhancements

- Fixes typo in element form check ("qualified") [#168][168]. Fixed by [@mprihoda][@mprihoda]
- More lenient handling of base64Binary encoding. [#173][173]. Requested by [@nmccready][@nmccready]
- Fixes attribute merging across namespace. [#174][174] reporetd by [@sbrownyarris][@sbrownyarris]
- Fixes handling of chameleon schemas. [#176][176] reported by [@Marza][@Marza]

  [168]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/168
  [173]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/173
  [174]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/174
  [176]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/176
  [@mprihoda]: https://github.com/mprihoda
  [@nmccready]: https://github.com/nmccready
  [@sbrownyarris]: https://github.com/sbrownyarris
  [@Marza]: https://github.com/Marza
