notes/1.2.0.markdown, before:

  [228]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/228
  [229]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/229
  [241]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/241
  [247]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/247
  [@choffmeister]: https://github.com/choffmeister
  [@barnesjd]: https://github.com/barnesjd
  [@jcranky]: https://github.com/jcranky
  [@rcgoodfellow]: https://github.com/rcgoodfellow
  [@romainreuillon]: https://github.com/romainreuillon


## SOAP bug fixes

- Fixes handling of nillable elements appearing in SOAP. [#229][229] reported by [@barnesjd][@barnesjd]
- Escapes reserve words appearing as operation name in SOAP. [#241][241] reported by [@rcgoodfellow][@rcgoodfellow] 
- Fixes response parsing for literal RPC style. [#260][260] reported by [@romainreuillon][@romainreuillon]

## bug fixes and minor enhancements

- Fixes "mixed" attribute not being inherited when extending a complex type. [#228][228] reported by [@choffmeister][@choffmeister]
- Fixes handling of very long `xs:enumeration` value. [#247][247] reported by [@jcranky][@jcranky]

Commit message:

ignore default when minOccurs > 0. fixes #245

notes/1.2.0.markdown, after:

  [228]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/228
  [229]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/229
  [241]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/241
  [245]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/245
  [247]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/247
  [@choffmeister]: https://github.com/choffmeister
  [@barnesjd]: https://github.com/barnesjd
  [@jcranky]: https://github.com/jcranky
  [@rcgoodfellow]: https://github.com/rcgoodfellow
  [@romainreuillon]: https://github.com/romainreuillon
  [@alboko]: https://github.com/alboko

## SOAP bug fixes

- Fixes handling of nillable elements appearing in SOAP. [#229][229] reported by [@barnesjd][@barnesjd]
- Escapes reserve words appearing as operation name in SOAP. [#241][241] reported by [@rcgoodfellow][@rcgoodfellow] 
- Fixes response parsing for literal RPC style. [#260][260] reported by [@romainreuillon][@romainreuillon]

## bug fixes and minor enhancements

- Fixes "mixed" attribute not being inherited when extending a complex type. [#228][228] reported by [@choffmeister][@choffmeister]
- Fixes handling of `xs:element` with `default` with `minOccurs = 1`. [#245][245] reported by [@alboko][@alboko]
- Fixes handling of very long `xs:enumeration` value. [#247][247] reported by [@jcranky][@jcranky]
