notes/1.3.0.markdown, before:

  [284]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/284
  [279]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/279
  [268]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/268
  [278]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/278
  [280]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/280
  [285]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/285
  [286]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/286
  [@rubbish]: https://github.com/rubbish
  [@@plaflamme]: https://github.com/plaflamme

### breaking changes

- Dropping SOAP RPC/encoded support.
- Makes SOAP `faultactor` a `String`. [#268][268] by [@rubbish][@rubbish]
- Generates >22 case classes by default. [#280][280]
- Generates `attributes` field to handle all attributes. [#286][286]

### SOAP changes

- Fixes the handling of message parts involving headers. [#285][285] by [@plaflamme][@plaflamme]
- Fixes `nillable` fault support. [#284][284]
- Makes `http` instances lazy. [#279][279] by [@rubbish][@rubbish]
- Implements `toString` methods for faults. [#278][279]

### case class >22 and attributes change

Starting scalaxb 1.3.0, the generated code will be >22 by default. In addition, all attributes will be handled via `attributes` field. 

To bring back the older behavior

    contentsSizeLimit in (Compile, scalaxb) := 20
  
    namedAttributes in (Compile, scalaxb) := true

Commit message:

Fixes #288. Fixes default value handling of long attributes

notes/1.3.0.markdown, after:

  [284]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/284
  [279]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/279
  [268]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/pull/268
  [278]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/278
  [280]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/280
  [285]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/285
  [286]: https://github.com/eed3si9n/scalaxb/issues/286
  [@rubbish]: https://github.com/rubbish
  [@@plaflamme]: https://github.com/plaflamme

### breaking changes

- Dropping SOAP RPC/encoded support.
- Makes SOAP `faultactor` a `String`. [#268][268] by [@rubbish][@rubbish]
- Generates >22 case classes by default. [#280][280]
- Generates `attributes` field to handle all attributes. [#286][286]

### SOAP changes

- Fixes the handling of message parts involving headers. [#285][285] by [@plaflamme][@plaflamme]
- Fixes `nillable` fault support. [#284][284]
- Makes `http` instances lazy. [#279][279] by [@rubbish][@rubbish]
- Implements `toString` methods for faults. [#278][279]

### case class >22 and attributes change

Starting scalaxb 1.3.0, the generated code will be >22 by default. In addition, all attributes will be handled via `attributes` field.

To bring back the older behavior:

    contentsSizeLimit in (Compile, scalaxb) := 20
  
    namedAttributes in (Compile, scalaxb) := true

Related, 1.3.0 fixes attribute's default value handling [#288][288].
